Are you sure this recipe is genuine?
Absolutely.
I have prepared it according to the recipe.
It tastes exactly like the one in Lin's Restaurant
This milk tea
Not as complicated as thirteen spiced crayfish
The production method is very simple.
How could there be such a good thing?
Hurry up and establish a milk tea workshop
Go into production immediately
Yes
Ok this is god helping me
Lin Yi, Lin Yi
You can't even imagine dying
I saw the Taoyuan Restaurant next door.
Also setting up a stall to sell milk tea
It seems that Li Rongfa is still completely awake this time
Then he leaked the formula
I also specially gave my people an extra 3,000 taels of silver
What about the hush fee?
What about other situations?
Li Rongfa is located in 30 counties of Wuzhou, Jiangnan Province
Entered 67 milk tea workshops
This is from the shopkeeper.
Why is our formula given for free?
Didn't you see the paper I gave you the other day?
It only has milk and tea leaves on it.
You go down
Go to the workshop today and tell them
What about starting today?
I want to make fine wine milk tea
This includes handmade pearl taro balls.
And uh
Silt and whatnot and whatnot.
Fighting with me, he's still young
You have already dug a hole for Li Rongfa.
hum
That's right, he's in the pit now
I am this time
Let him bleed well